https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.03112
    - (Page 2) Memory movement on mobile devices costs how many % of energy. Hint: 90%

https://sci-hub.sg/10.1016/0196-6774(85)90037-9
    - (Page 1) Give a sequence of radix-d digits. What does this sequence represent?
    - (Page 1) Give a formula for defining the cache. 
    - (Page 2) Define a fault given the above.

Pluvium's Workshop on colours transitions:
	(1) What is the difference between absolute colour and relative colour? (Hint: most important! It is relative to what is it next to? Colorimeter concept. No use commenting on the pretty colours.)
	(2) Why does one avoid colour symbols? (Hint: cartoon colours, you will fail at the transition colours)
	(3) What happens when you mix opposite colours (additive mixing) of light? (Hint: mid grey, so when you mix colours you will desaturate colours. How colour transitions for different bands of light?
	(4) What can you do when you think about having a yellow light source? (Hint: you will get a light source colour to blend for the highlights) 
	(5) What happens when you use blend modes with a yellow light source? (Hint: learn how to do blend mode)
	(6) Compare and contrast blend mode and colour modes?
	(7) What are analogous colours? (Hint: the colours adjacent)
	(8) Why does one think of colours as black and white? (Choose how hard the transitions should be?)
	(9) Why does the one want a high contrast on the iris for glowing eyes? (Hint: glowing eyes, so sharp transition)
	(10) How to exaggerate the colours of a painting? (Hint: use more grey, and think about relative colours? Try to target under 25% and use the full colour range.)
	(11) Why place colours with angle variation? Give an example (purple, next to the orange, the colours will look more chromatically spicy). Why use colour sparingly?
	(12) Why avoid painting yellow when painting a lemon, dark yellow shadow?
	(13) Why not use the colour picker? (Hint: less practice)
	(14) Why train your mind to be more picky? (Hint: it is not training your eyes, it is training your mind to be more picky and accurate, and be aware of shifts?)
	(15) Why the warm and cool separation is bad? (Hint: binary is hard, describe it the way you see it? Do not try to put too many label see it, describe it a child will see it rather than warm and blue)
	(16) Do not try too much label on it. Describe it a way a 5 year old will understand it. Value study. Build your intuition on something that is not ambiguous.
